---
tag: Travel
---
## china week 2

# Zhangjiajie (May 26-27) 

We took an eight hour train from Chongqing to Zhangjiajie.This one was not high speed but good all the same. I was extremely amused by the mango candy salesman. I’ve never seen anyone more enthusiastic and charismatic. The way he marketed the candy to the silent and unbothered train car we were in completely inspired me. I plan to bring some of his attitude into my own life. I was also inspired to by some candy from him. 

When we got off the train, we discovered our luggage was covered in a thick coat of cigarette ash from everyone smoking in the train the entire 8 hours. When I blew my nose, I blew ash into the tissue paper. Sort of concerning. 

My dad and Selina allegedly requested an English tour guide but once we met him, it was apparent he only spoke Chinese. I was secretly excited by this because I wanted to continue practicing my Chinese but this also meant no one else could communicate with him and vice versa. My excitement quickly turned to frustration once I realized how much talking and translating I had to do. 

We went to QiXing mountain which was very beautiful and walked up to the large circular observation deck made of glass. This terrified me and I found myself unable to walk. No one else seemed affected however.

At night, we went to the seventy two wonders tower where again we found ancient architecture full of food and shopping. We weren’t extremely impressed here until we went to the most interesting rock museum of my life. Sam was extremely enamoured by this place. I asked the museum attendee one question which opened up to a whole conversation about the origins of all the rocks from this place. He was exploding with information and it was awesome. 

In the morning, our first stop was the Bai long elevator. The ride into the mountains was breathtaking. We drove through the valleys with the vertical pillars towering over us. The elevator both scenic and efficient, rocketed us to the tops of the pillars, where we began a promenade that brought us to the most iconic viewpoints where we were not looking down into the valley at the pillars. This area was called Yuanjiajie.One of these viewpoints included the mountain featured in Avatar, which has now been named Avatar mountain. 

Probably what I was most excited for was the monkeys. I’ve never seen monkeys in the wild before and I was so excited to see them!! Their eyes look real like humans. We saw tons and tons of monkeys, some eating, some stealing food from tourists, babies clutching their mothers, etc. 

It was really hot and also full of people, but it was really cool to see such a unique landscape that I’ve truly never seen before. I had no idea the mountains in Avatar were real and that I would get to see them someday. Our tour guide hustled us along and led us to all the best viewpoints. 

Later in the day, we went to tian zi shan where we continued to see sweeping views of the spikes and pillars. We ended our marathon day at 10 Miles Gallery where we were now back in the valley and walked along a beautiful pathway surrounded by towering pillars. Our tour guide heavily negotiated with us to convince us to take the train but we opted to walk and watched him take the pastel colored train past us. We played a fun game where me and Sam had 3 secret words, Rebecca and Michelle had 3 secret words, and we had to work it in conversation. 

At the end of the 10 mile gallery, we discovered a really depressing cement enclosure with one very angry monkey and another with a very destitute looking monkey family. I asked the tour guide what was going on. He revealed that I had witnessed the monkey jail. Some monkeys became too aggressive to get food and those monkeys had seriously injured someone’s arm. I believed this to be true because these monkeys were macaque, wild and unruly in nature, very naughty. And I had seen many of them stealing food out of people’s hands and even harassing them in my short time in Zhangjiajie thus far. This made me feel better about the monkey jail.

At night we had a hilarious dinner situation where sam and I sat across from Michelle and Rebecca at a giant round table meant for 15. We were very far from each other. By this point, we had really nailed down how to order and we continuously ordered the same food again and again, our formula never letting us down: 3 meats (beef, pork) + 3 vegetables (eggplant, spinach, cauliflower).

At night, we went to a performance intended to describe the history of Zhangjiajie. The performance left my jaw dropped. It had traditional music, unbelievable acrobatics, really creative performances, and much more. I was totally amazed by the production and fully entertained the entire time which I’ve always struggled with during shows. 

On our way out, we found that there was another performance going on in the larger square. Here we watched some terrifying knife throwing, blade walking, fire centric performances, and another one where they put like 1000 pounds on a man lying down. I couldn’t believe this was all happening on a Monday night!

Our third and final day here, we went to the iconic glass bridge, the longest one of its kind in the world. This was located in another destination far from the NP entrance. It was located in the grand canyon, we drove through a more remote farming town to reach the entrance. The glass bridge was insanely long. Luckily, it wasn’t as nerve-wracking for me as the glass observation deck was. At the end of the bridge, we were funneled to the zipline area where we glided over the canyon. Then, we were brought to a metal slide that funneled us to the canyon grounds. We put on cloth pants and slide our way down. It was a new and comical experience which everyone sliding at different rates and slower sliders freaking out from the fear of being slide into. In the valley, we took a scenic boat ride where we observed waterfalls and the lush vegetation growing on the vertical walls of the canyon. 

To get back up, we took a series of elevators and ended up at the VR experience. This was my first time doing VR and it was incredible. We flew through the canyon in different seasons and I really enjoyed it. This marked the end of our riveting activity filled day. 

# Shanghai (May 27-31)

Shanghai felt noticeably different the moment we stepped out of our hotel. It felt remarkably refined and clean for such a giant city. 

#### 5/28

Our first day we went to a cafe downstairs for dinner and were completely amazed to see the cafe selling a variety of food from coffee to beef noodle soup to ice cream to waffles. I got an insanely delicious beef noodle soup. I wish I could eat beef noodle soup for breakfast everyday. 

We prioritized shopping and took a really pleasant bike ride along the water to end up at the famous shopping street Nanjing Road that ends at the Bund. At night, we went to Xie san bao and got the famous crab roe noodles. I really loved them. We also tried crab roe buns. At night we went on a long bike ride to Yu yuan where all the buildings were brightly lit up red. It was beautiful. We also fortunately stumbled upon a mango stand where you could purchase a large cup of freshly sliced up mango. It was so juicy and sweet. 

#### 5/30

On another day, we went to the iconic Gentle Monsters store that has the robot faces that look hyper real and move around. At first, I said “what’s the point of this”, but I quickly became a fan. To summarize, the store is simply really interesting. It’s really easy to get lost in the store roaming the 5 floors, trying on sunglasses, trying to understand the art installations, and taking pictures. Overall, totally brilliant marketing design. People were decked out, lined up waiting to take pictures with the different art installations, which included a massive 100x human Bratz doll lying on her side taking up the entire ground floor, a whole section of croissant gym equipment, and a white harambe structure. The glasses were really cool too, some of them folding up to be pocket sized. We wandered around to quite a few stores, continuing to really enjoy the shopping Shanghai has to offer. 

For dinner we went to a michelin restaurant and ate soooo many delicious xiao long bao for so cheap. I miss China for the food and the prices so badly. We got wontons, buns, more buns, tea, and then we were so full we had to go home and rest. 

We had one of the best nights of our trip. We put on the new little tank tops we bought earlier that day and got ready to go to a stunning rooftop bar, Roosevelt Bar. It had stunning panoramic views of the brightly lit city right up close. We were in awe and took a million photographs. The DJ was going hard with the Weeknd and we got a few different fun cocktails. At the end, we headed to the destination we had been anticipating all week, INS Park, the 6 story nightclub.

At the legendary 6 story nightclub, we bought $40 entry tickets that grant you access to all nightclubs and a free drink at each. We started at Freshman, which stole the show with a bouncy floor. It was literally the best night club I’d ever been to. Now I wonder why more nightclubs don’t use a trampoline floor. At times, when I jumped counter to the bounce of the floor, it launched me up so high in an amazingly uncontrollable way. After friends we checked out some of the other clubs like friends and la fin but they were no match due to the lack of bouncy floor. 

It was endearing seeing Michelle drunk, trying to speak to people in Chinese. So funny, she kept going up to people saying Ni Hao and most of the time they responded in English because her Chinese isn’t good and a lot of people in Shanghai speak Chinese. We had a night to remember and then when I came home, Sam had my ramen that I have carried across the country ready and steaming hot for me.

# Suzhou May 29

We took a day trip to Suzhou. It was beyond easy. Hopped on the high speed train which was 30 minutes and we were there! We navigated to the Humble Administrator’s garden, regarded as one of southern China’s most beautiful gardens… which is to say a lot given how many gardens are in Asia. They take gardens very very seriously. The garden was a sprawling oasis with giant lily pads and intricate gazebos and panelled hallways in every direction. They even had fog machines which kept the ponds and trees wrapped in a light layer of mist. 

After the garden, we ventured into the famous shopping street, Pingjiang Road which runs parallel to Pingjiang River, a charming stream that people take boat rides on to observe the beautiful scenery of the street. We immediately were roped into a perfume shop, a common occurrence in China. I went completely nose blind and bought two perfumes that I think smelled good. And then everyone bought perfume. I believe cheaper perfume stores would do very well in America. We also stopped for some incredible $4 noodles, and sat in miniature chairs and drank out of bamboo cups. As we strolled, I noticed everyone was eating delicious looking cones filled with sticky rice cake. I bought one and was very amazing by it. It was topped with goji berries and filled with red bean paste. 

Finally we reached our original destination, which was the iconic cat cafe where giant expensive cats lounge on the roof of the building. We urgently purchased entry and ran upstairs. To my delight, I found so many adorable kittens. We were all obsessed with the munchkin cats, I have never seen something so cute in my life. We stayed there for hours. Upon leaving, we saw a shiba dressed in hawaiian gear shaking its butt in front of the window.