---
tag: projects
---

## Ironman 70.3 - Salem, Oregon

Here I will document my journey to completing my first half ironman. It will take place July 19 in Salem, Oregon. 

### February 16 (Week 1, Build, FTP)

I selected the Phil Mosley 20-week intermediate training plan and began this past Monday on 2/16. So far it's going well, and I'm actually really enjoying the structured workokuts. I'm learning a lot and excited to make this commitment and track my progress. 

Bike: 140W for 20 minutes, 151 HR

Swim: 2:07/100y, 157 HR

Run: 8:50 pace for 30 mins, 164 HR

### February 23 (Week 2, Build)

### March 2 (Week 3, Build)

The training plan is going very well and I feel like I'm becoming a bit stronger in each area. I see my swim times improving and each long run and bike is getting easier. 

### March 9 (Week 4, Recovery) 

### March 16 (Week 5, Build) 

I feel like the last two weeks have been a bit of a set back. I started feeling a lot of pain in my right shoulder while swimming and am feeling a little burnt out from all the workouts. I find it really hard to fit everything in and it's quite a lot of mental load to keep scheduling and rescheduling everything I need to do to make time for everything. Definitely feeling overwhelmed and felt a little unsatisfied with my progress. 

### March 23 (Week 6, Build)

This week actually started to feel better, and I think my stats were starting to go up again. I got an email from my training plan saying at this point in the plan we're building fatigue so it's actually expected that you don't feel super good during each workout. This was very reassuring. Unfortunately, I start my travels on Thursday and didn't get to workout at all Thursday - Sunday this week. 

### March 30 (Week 7, Build)

### April 6 (Week 8, Recovery)

I'm in Mexico City this week and next, so training is not at 100% right now. I'm still following the training plans for runs and substituting short runs in for the bike and swim workouts. The elevation here is high, so running doesn't feel great but doing my best. 

### April 13 (Week 9, Build)

I kind of feel off this week due to horrible sleep and busy schedule. Looking forward to getting back on schedule.

### April 20 (Week 10, Build)

I actually feel very refreshed coming back to Seattle and picking up the training fully again. Mexico was a good break since I was getting burnt out. 

### April 27 (Week 11, Build)

I hit the curb on my long bike ride on Sunday. Had to stop in a shop in Redmond to get it checked out. 

### May 4 (Week 12, Build, FTP)

Since I missed the FTP test in Mexico. I'm substituting it in for this week and moving recovery to next week while I'm in Italy. 

Bike: 160W for 20 minutes, 156 HR
Swim:
Run: 

This week I freaked out cause it's May. Only two more months till the race. 

Turns out my wheel was not salvageable, and I had to buy a new one. I went to Wright Brothers Cycle Works and got a used Rolf Elan Aero wheel and new Hutchinson Equinox tire for $125. Seems like really good deal. I also panick bought a 2XU trisuit for $160. 

### May 11 (Week 13, Recovery)



### May 18 (Week 14, Peak)

### May 25 (Week 15, Peak)

### June 1 (Week 16, Peak)

### June 8 (Week 17, Recovery)

### June 15 (Week 18, Peak)

### June 22 (Week 19, Peak)

### June 29 (Week 20, Taper)

### July 6 (Week 21, Taper)

### July 13 (Week 21, Recovery)